and now it's time for bumming reviews
with Chester a bum
tonight's review Twilight knew actually
that's a great rating good you're
serious yes this isn't Twilight for you
no all right you're absolutely serious
about us in the opening credits all
right do it again
tonight's review red button so obviously
they knew I knew it is good
boilers do you see girl named Red Riding
Hood actually she's called something
else but you won't call her that
this season's over this boy who is like
Edwards because it is Edward it's a
movie this is deep I think watching we
like that meet God's sake because it's
obviously Twilight
sorry don't you guys get together to
take out the big bad wolf but it turns
out the killer smells like ill-tempered
well hurry
but then Gary Oldman comes in as the
professional werewolf hunter I am Gary
Oldman I took this road because it
allows me to do it City accent did you
read the stream to the laptop silly
accent I'm on board
weird yeah so all the people are like we
don't need you we already kill the big
bad wolf an Oldman is like that's not a
werewolf I say no way because I was a
vampire
this isn't let me 20 told you that sorry
million movies like who could the big
bad wolf be and the movies like maybe
it's the grandmother
till obviously it's not the grandmother
movies like maybe it's the boyfriend so
obviously it's not the boyfriend and
then movies like it could be anybody
except the what person we haven't said
it could be yet
oh how did you get it but in truth
everybody should understand the werewolf
and he's like hang with me so I can take
you far away but what would we do you
impose on the mountains like the cover
of a romance novel you'll stare
curiously at nothing and you're wearing
red Club that's ten sizes too large they
don't probably get caught on everything
when will you take me to Jacob no what
do you think you're watching this isn't
lost to writing who turns down his offer
because he's a frickin walls and
everybody think that she's a witch
because she can understand the law which
is kind of true and you know the boys
she falls in love with her
hair gel years before it was invented
it'll be something supernatural about
that
so to lure the wolf out lead singer to
its share and what let's say a wolf mask
on her and everybody's like why is she
wearing the love mask it's symbolic that
there is a beach - none of us even in
the most beautiful of critters and it'll
look cool today they're cooling the
drinks so wolf comes above the gear
behind a church because the wolf can't
enter on church grounds
it's like the movie Sleepy Hollow only
this one's not intentionally funny I
think
but the wolf bites Gary Oldman unless
they have to kill him before you die
tell me what your accent was finally
figures out who the werewolf was so she
told her grandmother's house to try and
save her
we know listen the boyfriend arrives oh
you said yeah I still love you but what
you mean to the grandmother's house it
turns out there wasn't a boyfriend it
was her father
search your feelings you know it to be
true but the father's like dude you
should totally be a werewolf it's like
the coolest thing ever oh you are
invincible
except for silver churches sharp objects
oh and the fact that you can't go where
other people can go and everybody's
trying to kill you
being a werewolf sucks but then the
boyfriend comes in and kills him off
already after getting bitten by him Hulu
so Red Riding Hood is like you risk your
life to save me even though I stabbed
you went down and use not this whole
movie
of course for that is what boys do a
tween girl porn so the boy is like well
I'm gonna run off and do my werewolf
thing but when the time is right I will
totally come back for you oh yes I enter
feeling you say that
and you'll wait for me what yeah we
girls are oh yes of course I will
because that's what every male thinks
about only their female counterpart and
nothing else so the boy is about to go
up and live with his werewolf emits but
suddenly running to each other oh that's
a good point and here's some collages of
us making out because we forgot to put
it in earlier oh so sometimes
the wolf returns and red just looked at
him giving a seductive gentle smile and
the more that the story is basically a
letís okay I mean they just talked to
the credits before anything else
happened
what do you think they're doing she's
taking off his sheep's clothing he's
riding her hard she's blowing his house
towns up better to eat her with she's
taking him to Grandma's house keeps
checking under her hood holy smokes I
can make a book of these this is g3 boom
saying just catch me without saving for
a week